( birds chirping )
( equipment humming )
( gentle theme playing )
( beeping )
This is the doctor speaking.
Sickbay to the Captain.
You've brought us
out of stasis.
I assume you have news.
Yes.
your vital signs are normal.
Our sensors show
How are you feeling?
How long were we in stasis?
We're fine.
A total of 17 days.
That long?
JANEWAY:
possibility of finding a cure.
I wanted to exhaust every
And?
I regret to inform you
that I have been
unsuccessful.
I have not been able to develop
a counteragent for the virus,
and I have no other options
to explore.
What about keeping us
in stasis aboard Voyager?
in the planet's environment
Something
from the effects of the virus.
is shielding you
If you leave,
you risk a recurrence
of the disease,
which would undoubtedly
prove fatal.
think of at the moment
The only option I can
is contacting the Vidiians.
They have sophisticated
medical technology.
might be able to help.
It's possible they
We'll take it under
advisement, doctor.
Thank you for your efforts.
Janeway out.
What do you think?
It's risky.
The Vidiians
have never shown
any willingness
to help us.
It's more likely
they'd attack Voyager
and try to harvest body parts
from the crew.
Agreed.
I just want to make sure
a possible alternative.
we're not overlooking
Could we live
with ourselves,
knowing we'd sent Voyager
into that kind of danger?
Janeway to Tuvok.
I'm here, Captain.
of the doctor's report.
You must be aware
Yes.
I'm turning over command
of the ship to you
on a permanent basis.
course for the Alpha Quadrant.
Your orders are to resume a
the doctor's suggestion,
And regardless of
you are not to make contact
with the Vidiians.
I understand.
I'll prepare a message
for the crew.
( majestic theme playing )
abandon them on this planet?
So we're just going to
Those were Captain Janeway's
express orders.
But you're Captain now.
You can rescind them.
To what end?
we haven't been able
I can't believe
for an insect bite.
to find a cure
deactivated himself
The doctor hasn't
KES:
for a month.
He's tried everything.
He's searched every database,
the most drastic research.
attempted
You can't fault him.
of the crew is going to suffer
I can tell you the morale
if we leave them behind.
Not if, Mr. Neelix.
When we leave them behind.
The decision
has been made.
We will, of course,
provide them with
everything they'll need
for their survival and comfort.
for a modular shelter
I am arranging
to be transported
to the surface.
They'll have all the technology
they need--
weapons, tricorders,
a replicator.
it were a camping trip.
You talk as though
They have to spend the rest
of their lives down there.
That is not a certainty.
continue researching the virus.
Captain Janeway intends to
She is an able scientist,
and may eventually be able
to effect a cure.
They have a type-9 shuttlecraft
at their disposal,
for them to leave the planet.
if it becomes possible
A type-9 shuttlecraft has
a top speed of warp 4.
It won't take them more than...
oh, about 700 years to get home.
you expect me to do, Lieutenant.
I am not certain what it is
something you can't do,
I guess, clearly,
which is to feel as rotten
about this as we do.
You are correct that I am unable
to experience that emotion.
And frankly, I fail to see
what the benefit would be.
If there is nothing more,
you are all dismissed.
Janeway to Tuvok.
Yes, Captain?
We've received the transport.
We'll check it over and let you
know if we're missing anything.
I will remain in orbit
until I hear from you.
And, after that, we can still
remain in communication
for approximately 36 hours.
I'll contact you
before the day is over.
Janeway out.
they transported
It looks like
the contents of
the whole ship.
We may have to be here
for a while.
Petri dishes, protein analyzer,
DNA sequencers.
Everything I need for
my research is here.
Do you really think
you can find a cure?
It may take a while,
but, yes, I do.
If I can find a specimen of
the insect that infected us,
I can begin analyzing
protein cofactors.
the information we need
That might give us
to find out what it is
in this environment
that's keeping us
from being sick
and how to replicate it.
Does it matter
which way these things go?
I guess it depends
whether you're
in a beige mood
or a gray mood.
That's not much of a choice.
Couldn't Starfleet
have come up
a little more cheerful?
with something
Like polka dots?
I was thinking more
of a tasteful pinstripe,
something
in blues and greens.
Well, I suggest we put
the gray on the outside
and the beige inside.
I like that.
I've always looked
better in beige.
be kind of interesting,
Actually, it might
roughing it for a while.
"Roughing it"?
Let's see.
We have shelter, furniture,
research equipment,
tricorders, a replicator.
It's too rough for me.
We don't have a bathtub.
A bathtub?
my favorite way of relaxing.
I love a bath. It's
Captain, I'm sure you can learn
to love the sonic shower.
You know, Chakotay,
it occurs to me,
command structure anymore.
we aren't exactly in a
Maybe you should
call me Kathryn.
Give me a few days on that one,
okay?
This diagnostic report
looks like it was written
by a first-year Academy cadet.
There are mistakes.
It's incomplete.
I'm sorry, Lieutenant.
been distracted.
I guess I've
We've all been distracted,
Ensign.
That's no excuse.
Yes, ma'am.
I can't get
anything done here.
Nobody can concentrate.
I know how they feel.
so terrific myself,
I'm not feeling
get in the way of my work.
but I don't let that
B'Elanna...
I've been talking with some
of the Starfleet crew.
about what happened.
They're not happy
I was wondering...
how are the Maquis taking it?
How do you think
they're taking it?
This isn't
a Starfleet issue, Harry.
It's affecting everyone.
Then why don't we do
something about it?
Do what?
I don't know.
It seems like we shouldn't
just accept this.
Well, that's
all well and good,
but, frankly, I can't think
of anything else we can do.
If you have any ideas,
I'll listen.
take a deep breath and move on.
Otherwise, I think we should
( gentle theme playing )
Catch anything?
Just the same ones
as yesterday,
and they don't seem to carry
that's infected us.
the pathogen
Oh, in the woods.
Where have you been?
For the past two days,
a lot of time in the woods.
you've been spending
Is something going on
I should know about?
Uh, not yet.
Not yet?
supposed to mean?
What's that
It means, when it's time
for you to know, I'll tell you.
Don't I even
get hints?
I'm building something.
Building?
What could you be building?
And why can't you tell me?
You can't stand it, can you?
You're like a little kid,
wheedling.
Tuvok to Janeway.
Janeway here.
out of communications range.
We're about to move
How are you faring?
We're doing quite well.
I'd like to speak
to the crew now.
put through to the entire ship.
Your com link has been
This is Kathryn Janeway.
I've never liked
saying good-bye,
so I'll make this brief.
that serving as your Captain
But I want you all to know
has been the most extraordinary
experience of my life.
than what this crew has given--
No Captain could ask more
and strength of character.
bravery, compassion
But I think what I'll miss most
is the fun.
The times we joked together,
the games on the holodeck.
I'll remember the laughter
more than anything.
Although Commander Chakotay
and I won't be with you
for the rest of your journey,
we know that you'll be the same
steadfast crew for Mr. Tuvok
as you have been for us.
and a speedy journey home.
We wish you a safe
Our thoughts will be with you.
Janeway out.
Thank you, Captain, Commander.
TUVOK:
for the entire crew when I say
I am sure I speak
we will always remember
your grace and courage.
And I would like to add,
it has been an honor
serving with you.
Live long and prosper.
( gentle theme playing )
Kathryn Janeway's Personal Log,
Stardate 49690.1.
planet we've named New Earth.
Day 24 of our stay on the
As yet, I've been unable
to make any progress
a cure for our illness,
in finding
in the tub Chakotay built
but a soak
on possible solutions.
always helps me focus
Chakotay, are you there?
CHAKOTAY:
No, I left an hour ago.
I was thinking.
for protein cofactors
Maybe looking
is the wrong approach.
Even if I can't find
a specimen of the insect
that infected us...
I could try to learn something
about the biomolecular evolution
of this planet's ecosystem.
Can't hurt to give it a try.
( rustling )
( gasps )
Chakotay!
What?
Someone's in the woods.
( suspenseful theme playing )
(whispering ):
Over there.
( chittering )
It looks like
some kind of primate.
I've detected primate
life-signs here,
but I've never seen one.
Hello.
Are you hungry?
Is that why you came here?
I'm Kathryn.
He's Chakotay.
We've had to move
into your neighborhood,
but I hope we can be friends.
( chittering )
Oh. Maybe he'll come back.
Looking for a pet?
No. Looking for a clue
about primate physiology
on this planet.
They must have to contend
with insect bites, too.
Well...excuse me.
Maybe we should be
out looking
for other primates.
something important.
I might be missing
Kathryn...
the doctor worked
for weeks
trying to find a treatment
for this disease.
Yes.
You've been at it
12 hours a day,
seven days a week
since we got here,
no closer to a cure
and we're still
than we were the day
we were infected.
what you're getting at.
I'm not sure
( sighing )
My people have a saying.
must know when to sleep."
"Even the eagle
we both considered that.
Maybe it's time
You mean quit. Give up.
to see it as defeat?
Why do you have
Maybe it's simply...
accepting what life
has dealt us,
finding the good in it.
( sighs )
come to that, Chakotay, but...
There may be a day when I'll
from it right now.
I'm a long way
I need to keep looking.
( gentle theme playing )
Acting Captain's Log,
supplemental.
TUVOK:
After six weeks, the decision
and the First Officer behind
to leave Captain Janeway
still seems to weigh heavily
on the crew.
( console beeping )
Captain Tuvok?
Yes, Ensign?
I'm picking up a convoy
on long-range sensors.
It's Vidiian, sir.
Distance?
Approximately 1.5 light-years.
Lieutenant, alter course
to a different heading.
I don't want to risk
their detecting us.
Sir, the Vidiians...
Yes?
They're within hailing range.
if they know anything
We could ask them
about the Captain's illness.
that Captain Janeway
You're aware
to risk contacting the Vidiians?
specifically told us not
Yes, but it's not like we went
out of our way to find them.
We would just be
taking advantage
that's presented itself.
of an opportunity
That bit of sophistry is not
terribly persuasive, Ensign.
Sir, how can we
turn our backs
to do something?
on this chance
Don't we have to try?
Don't we owe that
and the Commander?
to the Captain
The matter
is closed, Ensign.
Return to your station.
( suspenseful theme playing )
with the rest of you?
What's wrong
You know I'm right.
Ensign Kim.
We have a chance
to help them.
How can we ignore that?
relieved of duty.
Ensign, you are
Leave the Bridge at once,
or I will have you
put in the brig.
Harry...
Proceed on the altered course,
Lieutenant.
Excuse me, Ensign Kim.
Could we?
Sure. Have a seat.
We just wanted
you to know,
we heard what happened
on the Bridge.
And we think
you're absolutely right.
We've got to contact
the Vidiians.
but it's worth it.
It's a risk,
That's what I think,
but Captain Tuvok's
made his decision.
Two Ensigns and a crewman
won't change his mind.
There are a lot more
who agree with us.
A lot.
Really?
Everyone we talk to
can't believe
that Tuvok won't
give this a try.
Come on.
Did you hear what happened
this morning?
Sure did.
Three weeks ago,
you said if I had an idea
about what to do,
you'd listen.
I'm listening.
Is there something going on
that I should know about?
Have a seat, Neelix.
We might have come up
with the biggest
morale booster
you could
possibly imagine.
( soft theme playing )
( door chimes )
Come in.
a moment, sir?
Could I have
It's 0100 hours, Ensign.
the early shift this morning?
Don't you have
Yes, sir, but this is important.
Very well.
I want to apologize
First of all,
for my behavior
yesterday.
Apology accepted.
a difficult situation for you.
I understand that this is
I'd like to suggest a plan.
It's something a lot of people
have helped to develop.
two big bargaining points
We have
when it comes to dealing
with the Vidiians.
doc treated-- Danara Pel.
First, there's the woman
They were very close,
so I'm sure she'd help us
if she could.
And then there's B'Elanna.
Her DNA might lead to a cure
for the phage.
We could offer them some--
in exchange for their help
for the Captain and Chakotay.
with a cure
Those are, as you say,
points in our favor,
but there is also the fact
that we
were recently responsible
for the destruction
of a Vidiian ship,
an act which killed over 300
of their people.
That alone makes it unwise
for us to contact them.
Sir...
I think you should know
how many people on this ship
disagree with you.
Everyone I talked to thinks
we should give this a try.
The people you talked to
do not have the responsibility
of commanding this vessel.
I do.
The safety of this crew
is paramount,
and I must do whatever I can
to ensure that safety.
to take that risk in order
But if we're willing
the Captain...
to help
Ensign, I'm going
to say this once
and once only.
If you ever question
my orders again,
you will be relieved
of duty permanently.
The next words
I expect to hear from you
are, "yes, sir."
Yes...
sir.
( suspenseful theme swells )
( door opens, closes )
insect traps in beta-4.
I'm going to check the
Oh, what are you
up to now?
Making headboards.
Headboards?
I've noticed you sometimes
sit up in your bed to read.
Figured you might as well
have a comfortable backrest.
That's very thoughtful
of you, Chakotay.
You've done so many things
to make our lives
easier here.
The cooking, for example.
I hate to cook.
uncomfortable, doesn't it?
But what I do makes you
I do something
Every time
a personal touch
that adds
to the shelter,
you resist it.
Sometimes it feels...
as though you've given up.
That you're focused
on making a home here
instead of finding a cure
that will let us leave.
I can't sacrifice
the present
that may never happen.
waiting for a future
of this situation
The reality
is that we may never
leave here.
So, yes, I'm trying
to make a home--
something that's more
than a plain gray box.
Someday I may have to let go.
But not today, okay?
I tried a new glucose
bait in the traps.
I have a feeling
this might be the day
I make a breakthrough.
( tool rasping )
( rustling )
Hello?
Chakotay?
( chittering )
( suspenseful theme playing )
Hello again.
( chittering )
cover a lot of territory.
Well, you certainly
following me?
Or are you
Do you understand me?
( calls )
There.
Know what that is?
That little insect
just might be
of your backyard.
what gets me out
What do you think of that, huh?
( agitated cries )
What is it?
What's happened to the sky?
If you're suggesting I should
get out of here, I agree.
( wind howling )
( agitated cries continue )
( thunder cracks )
Oh!
Kathryn!
Kathryn.
Are you hurt?
No. I couldn't
keep my balance
and carry the case.
Give it to me.
What's happening?
kind of plasma storm.
It seems to be some
don't recognize it,
Our tricorders
but it sure packs a wallop.
( dramatic theme playing )
( door chimes )
Come in.
Do you have a moment?
Of course.
Please sit down.
I'd like to talk to you...
about my father.
Your father?
He was a very wise man.
More than anyone,
he shaped the person I am.
If it hadn't been for him,
I would have never questioned
my people's beliefs.
I would have never
left our city.
I would never have met
all of you.
Then we owe him a debt.
It is difficult to imagine
this journey without you.
I had just turned one year old.
When he died,
how I'd get through
I didn't know
the rest of my life
without him,
but then I started
working with you
and I didn't miss him
so much anymore.
I am honored by the comparison.
As Captain,
the well-being of your crew
is important to you.
Of course.
Their emotional well-being
their physical safety?
as well as
I cannot allow myself to become
hostage to their feelings.
Tuvok, they are suffering
because of this.
Maybe you don't know
what it's like.
If you are
suggesting
that I am not sensitive
to the situation,
nothing could be further
from the truth.
I have lost a valued friend.
I am not immune to the effects
of that loss.
Then try to imagine
what it's like
who feel things deeply.
for those of us
A lot of the crew
are on the Bridge,
hoping you'll talk to them.
( slow theme playing )
( murmured conversations )
None of you can
appreciate
what it means to be
in command of a ship
rests squarely on your shoulders
until that responsibility
as it does on mine.
It has been suggested
that I take an action,
which would require me
to disobey an order,
and knowingly put this crew into
a life-threatening situation.
In general, I believe it
demonstrates faulty leadership
to be guided by the emotions
of a distraught crew.
However, as Captain,
I must not ignore
of those I command.
the sensibilities
We will contact the Vidiians.
This is my decision
and mine alone.
You are all absolved
of responsibility in the matter.
I will accept any consequences
which may ensue.
Lieutenant, set a course
for the Vidiian convoy.
Mr. Kim, let me know when we're
within hailing range.
( suspenseful theme playing )
Oh! Oh, no!
Let's check outside.
CHAKOTAY:
Maybe some of the insect traps
are still intact.
( sighs )
is salvageable either.
None of this
continue to do my research.
There's no way I can
I'm sorry.
Well, that's one way
of letting go.
Stardate 49694.2.
Captain's Log,
TUVOK:
the Vidiian convoy
We have contacted
with encouraging results.
They have promised
with Dr. Danara Pel
to communicate
and ask if she will help us.
Sir, the Vidiians
are hailing us.
On screen.
Hello, Lieutenant.
PEL:
Doctor Pel,
I didn't expect
to see you this quickly.
boarded the first ship I could.
When I heard what happened, I
Tell me about this illness.
They were infected
by a virus
after being bitten by insects
on a planet approximately
70 light-years from here
with a yellow dwarf star.
in a system
in a system of seven?
The third planet
Yes.
I know it well.
There's a particular kind
that carries the disease.
of burrowing insect
antiviral agent to combat it.
Years ago, we developed an
Can we get some from you?
we could rendezvous with you.
Of course. Our Captain said
He's transmitted
the coordinates.
( console beeps )
I have them, sir.
We appreciate your help.
Thank you, doctor.
be of assistance.
I'm glad I can
Estimated time
to the coordinates?
Approximately 20 hours.
a series of battle drills.
Until then, I want
for whatever comes.
We must be ready
I've been thinking...
there's plenty of wood
available here.
I could probably add
rooms to the shelter.
Give us a little more
living space.
How would you mill it?
I could do a certain
amount with a phaser,
but I was actually
thinking of logs.
As in log cabin?
I built a few of them
when I was growing up.
My father thought
it was important
that I learn how.
took us on backpacking trips.
When I was young, my parents
They thought we should all
to our pioneer roots.
keep a connection
no bed, no replicator...
I hated it--
No bathtub.
I guess I was always a child
of the 24th century.
maybe those camping trips
Well...
helped prepare you
for life here.
Oh, no.
Life here is much better
than that.
I think that's the first time
I've heard you say anything
positive about being here.
( chittering )
Well, hello there.
I haven't seen you
in a while.
Where have you been?
Do you expect him
to answer you?
Not really. I just sense
intelligence in him,
( whispers ):
and I could swear
he came to warn me
about the plasma storm.
Come here, fella.
Come on.
can be domesticated--
I doubt that he
at least not very easily.
( chittering )
Well, we have
plenty of time.
The rest of our lives.
( sighs )
That's a long time.
At least I hope so.
( laughs )
Well, I can't give you
orders anymore,
but I suggest we get
back to work.
Aye, aye, Captain.
( gentle theme playing )
( groans softly )
I guess I'm not used
to that kind of work.
( chuckling )
My knots are getting knots.
Here, let me help.
Oh, that feels good.
I've had a lot
of practice at this.
My mother used to get
sore necks all the time.
I was the only one she'd trust
not to make it worse.
That's much better.
Thank you.
Well...I'm going
to go to bed now.
I'll see you in the morning.
Sleep well, Kathryn.
Yes.
You, too.
( sighs )
( suspenseful theme playing )
( console beeps )
Got something.
bearing 325 mark 5.
Vidiian ship,
Hail them.
They aren't responding.
on alternating frequencies.
Trying
I'm reading a second ship,
177 mark 5.
I've got it.
Now a third.
They're surrounding us.
None of them are answering hails
and their weapons are powered.
Red Alert.
( suspenseful theme playing )
( blows )
We have to talk
about this.
All right.
I think we need to define
some parameters...
about us.
I'm not sure I can...
define parameters.
But I can tell you a story--
an ancient legend
among my people.
It's about an angry warrior
who lived his life
in conflict with the
rest of his tribe--
a man who couldn't
find peace,
of his spirit guide.
even with the help
For years, he struggled
with his discontent.
But the only satisfaction
he ever got
came when he was in battle.
This made him a hero
among his tribe,
but the warrior still longed
for peace within himself.
One day, he and his war party
by a neighboring tribe
were captured
led by a woman warrior.
She called on him to join her
because her tribe was too small
and weak to defend itself
from all its enemies.
was brave and beautiful
The woman warrior
and very wise.
swore to himself...
The angry warrior
that he would stay by her side,
to make her burden lighter.
doing whatever he could
her needs would come first.
From that point on,
And in that way...
the warrior began to know...
the true meaning of peace.
Is that really...
an ancient legend?
No.
But that made it easier to say.
( gentle theme playing )
( suspenseful theme playing )
Shields down to 58 percent.
Rearm the forward phaser
array and fire at will.
Firing.
Shields down to 47 percent.
Sir, there are just
too many of them.
Load aft torpedo bays.
Torpedoes armed.
TUVOK:
Fire number one.
Report.
They're still coming.
Fire number two.
Tuvok to Engineering.
Torres here, sir.
Listen carefully.
( both grunt )
( moaning )
a broken arm.
She has
Set it with the osteogenic
stimulator.
I think there's someone
on the monitor.
This way.
Odd. Why wouldn't they
just use the com line?
I don't think this is coming
from our ship.
Shmullus...
DANARA:
Shmullus, can you hear me?
Danara.
I have to do this quickly.
Shmullus,
of the Vidiian ships.
I'm on one
( grunts )
you're contacting me?
Do they know
Are you in any danger?
No. Everyone's too focused
on the battle.
Oh, Shmullus, I swear I didn't
know they planned to attack.
I thought we were on
an errand of mercy.
I believe you.
I have the antiviral serum
here. If you could use
to get it to your...
your transporter
Our shields are up.
We can't transport anything
through them.
I don't know what else
to suggest.
I'll see what I can do.
All right.
lower the shields
Maybe we can
to transport the serum.
long enough
Sickbay to Bridge.
This is Tuvok.
We're rather busy
here, doctor.
one of the Vidiian ships.
Doctor Pel is on
our shields briefly,
If we can drop
we can beam aboard the serum.
line open, doctor.
Keep this com
order the shields down,
When you hear me
you must complete a site-to-site
transport yourself.
with the Vidiians.
We will be busy
Understood.
Bridge to Engineering.
Report.
the antimatter container.
We're ready to eject
Stand by for my command.
Here is the sequence of events.
to transport the medicine.
We will drop shields
At the same moment,
the antimatter container
will be ejected.
As soon as it's clear,
Mr. Kim will detonate it
with a photon torpedo.
Simultaneously, Mr. Paris
will jump to full impulse,
the brunt of the explosion.
so that we will not take
Is everyone clear on this?
of the utmost importance.
Timing is
We won't get a second chance.
Understood.
Aye, sir.
We're ready down here.
Doctor?
to make the transport.
I've set up
Stand ready, then.
( dramatic theme playing )
Lower shields.
Initiating transport.
the antimatter container...
Ejecting
now.
We've got it.
Raise shields.
Mr. Kim, Mr. Paris?
Go.
Firing torpedo.
Report.
are all disabled, sir.
The Vidiian ships
They're not pursuing.
to warp, sir.
Ready to go
Set a course for the planet
where we left the Captain
and Commander Chakotay.
Warp 6.
Aye, aye, sir.
How are they coming?
Very nicely.
We should have vine-ripened
Talaxian tomatoes
in a couple of months...
unless this planet has
the equivalent of tomato bugs.
Oh, they're awful.
I would never
have thought
as a gardener.
of you
Hmm. I grew up around farmers.
My parents insisted we learn
some basic gardening skills.
as much as camping?
Did you hate that
Of course.
Who wanted to muck around
in the dirt
when you could be studying
quantum mechanics?
( chuckles )
very satisfying now,
But...I find it
watching the seeds sprout
and grow.
could spare you for a minute,
If your tomatoes
I'd like your opinion
on something
in the house.
You've come
to the right person.
I always have an opinion.
Really?
( laughs )
What do you think?
A boat.
You said you wanted
to explore the river?
I think I could
build this.
We could go on
a camping trip.
I'm not sure we could fit
the bathtub in the boat.
Well, that's all right.
I'll have the river.
( muffled com noise )
Do you hear that?
Yes.
TUVOK ( staticky ):
...to Captain Janeway.
Do you read me?
Janeway and Commander Chakotay.
This is Tuvok calling Captain
Please respond.
This is Janeway.
to hear your voice.
Captain, it's good
We have news.
What is it?
We have medicine
which we believe
will effectively treat
your condition.
We plan to be in orbit
within 30 hours.
( melancholy theme playing )
Ready?
( chittering )
There you are.
JANEWAY:
At least I get to say good-bye.
Feel free to use
the house.
( chittering )
Janeway to Voyager.
Two to beam up.
( chittering )
( slow theme playing )
Welcome back,
Captain.
Commander.
The doctor tells me
you contacted the Vidiians
after all.
I disobeyed your
order, Captain.
I am prepared to accept
the consequences.
If I didn't know
you better,
I'd say your decision
was almost...emotional.
Thank you all.
Well, we've lost time
with all this.
Let's see if we can make
some of it up.
Mr. Paris, warp 8.
Aye, Captain.
to review the ship's systems.
Commander, we'll need
environmental and communication.
I'll handle propulsion,
You'll handle sensors,
weapons and transporters.
Aye, Captain.
I'll have a report to you
by 1800 hours.
Check with phaser maintenance.
See if they solved that problem
chamber temperature.
with the prefire
Yes, ma'am.
I'll see to it.
( majestic theme playing )